samurai County it's nabina be here today
and just excuse my voice I'm still ill
and I got better but then I got ill
again so I'm yeah I'm gonna do an outfit
of the day because I really love my
outfit of what i wore today and this is
what it looks like my bags in the way
looks like this just excuse this chair
God just looks like list and I'm wearing
a very colored scarf from hijab meets
world yeah it's from who jab meets world
I've got this necklace which is from
forever 21 and then I just got this ring
from Topshop um I think that's from
Topshop and this is just a gold ring and
I've just got normal watch I've got
quite heavy eye makeup I did have a
lipstick on but it's kind of gone
because i'm eating and stuff and got a
leather jacket from you look I think and
then I got this shirt which is
absolutely it's just really really
gorgeous is just like this and it's from
it's actually designer I don't know if
you guys know not not many of you guys
might know this but it's called Max Mara
and you if you type your own google
you'll find them and stuff and they are
like quite big you'll see them on
catwalks and stuff of you guys that
watch stuff like that but yeah actually
looks like this so it's just like that
go like this it's really really gorgeous
like so and it's um I actually got it
from a charity shop a friend of mine a
girl my classroom you need she me and
her were kind of like vintage /
territory shopping and she just picked
this out and we had gone to vista the
other day the day before that and then
she was like always
this designer brand you really like and
I was like oh my god yeah and she was
like look at this and it was I can't
remember but it's between three or four
pounds something like that but it's
really really nice and it's just like
that and then the arm sleeves I like
this and then on the like coughs just
like a little m there we go just little
am on both sides like that really really
gorgeous and I just paired it up with
about like so and then I've got a gray
skirt which I got from the shop in town
really and then I wore my black sort of
wedged flat forms I don't know what it
called I showed them quite a lot of
times which they are downstairs because
it was raining and stuff and then I just
had this bag with me because I needed
quite a big bag and I what needed
something that I couldn't just put
anywhere without worrying whether it's
gonna get wrecked up or if it's gonna
get wet except except rap and yeah I'm
sorry this video is coming back all over
the place I just got home and I really
wanted to film the outfit but it's about
to get dark so the lighting will go
terrible but I'm actually quite happy
with this lighting it's quite good so
maybe if now I won't be able to film
when i get back from you need i'll get
back to now go back bit earlier today so
yeah and i hope you guys enjoyed this
video and i was requested to do more
outfit of the days which is why i'm
doing few more a plus i find them quite
but an easy to do really I'm absolutely
tired and what else what else falls is
there anything else
don't think so so yeah um see you guys
next time I myself